[CMS-384] Design system documentation (#64489)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: frontend/README.md

# Code.org Frontend

> This directory mostly contains the codebase powering Code.org's marketing site, UI component library packages and
> everything related to these two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the libraries that power the Code.org Marketing and Code.org Curriculum websites.
```

Reviewer: Just to note, `apps` might end up living in this directory as well, and probably be renamed so we may want to keep this general for now.

### Apps

Open source Code.org applications:

- [@code-dot-org/marketing](apps/marketing): Code.org's marketing site (uses Contentful).
- [@code-dot-org/design-system-storybook](apps/design-system-storybook): A [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)
  instance for the Code.org design system (`@code-dot-org/component-library`). Publicly available at
  [https://code-dot-org.github.io/code-dot-org/component-library-storybook](https://code-dot-org.github.io/code-dot-org/component-library-storybook).

### Packages

Publicly available packages:

- [@code-dot-org/component-library](packages/component-library): The Code.org Design System React component library.
- [@code-dot-org/component-library-styles](packages/component-library-styles): Common Styles
  (`variables`, `colors`, `mixins`, `typography styles`, etc) of Code.org Design System
  ([@code-dot-org/component-library](packages/component-library)). Based on [Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/NIVcvUgU3WmXpAmp9U2vVy/DSCO-Variables?node-id=2925-33951&m=dev).

>   Used by [@code-dot-org/component-library](packages/component-library), can(for Code.org - should) also be used as

Reviewer 2: The parenthetical is confusing and I think the first part implies it should be used for Code.org.
```suggestion
  Used by [@code-dot-org/component-library](packages/component-library), can also be used as
```

  a standalone package for styling components with Code.org's Design System styles.
- [@code-dot-org/lint-config](packages/lint-config): Shared linters configuration for Code.org projects
  (includes `eslint`, `lint-staged,` `prettier`, `stylelint`, `typescript` configs).
- [@code-dot-org/fonts](packages/fonts): Code.org's Design System fonts package.
- [@code-dot-org/changelogs](packages/changelogs): [Release-it](https://github.com/release-it/release-it)
  configuration for changelogs automatic generation, package versioning, and publishing.

## Getting Started

_(!!!)_ If you're unable to find some information in this README.md, please refer to the documentation of package/app

> that you're working on. (e.g. go to [package/component-library/README.md](packages/component-library/README.md),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
that you're working on. (e.g. go to [packages/component-library/README.md](packages/component-library/README.md),
```

yarn workspace @code-dot-org/design-system-storybook dev
```

### Formatting, Linting. (Prettier, ESLint, Stylelint)

To format all files in all packages and apps, run the following command:

```bash
yarn lint:fix
```

You can also run this command for some specific package or app using yarn workspace:

```bash

> yarn workspace @code-dot-org/component-library prettier:fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn lint:fix --filter @code-dot-org/component-library
```

### Visual Snapshot Testing (Eyes)

> The design system uses [Applitools Eyes](https://applitools.com/platform/eyes/) via their [storybook integration](https://applitools.com/tutorials/sdks/storybook) to take a visual snapshot of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The design system uses [Applitools Eyes](https://applitools.com/platform/eyes/) via their [Storybook integration](https://applitools.com/tutorials/sdks/storybook) to take a visual snapshot of
```
